[sitecore-jss-react] Introduce a flag to control rendering of Suspense (#2081)
Sitecore/jss: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### 🐛 Bug Fixes

> * `[sitecore-jss-react]` Fix hydration error by introducing a flag `disableSuspense` to control rendering of Suspense. ([#2081](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/2081))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `[sitecore-jss-react]` Add an optional `disableSuspense` flag for Placeholder component that prevents ErrorBoundary be rendered for components. This can help avoid hydration issues in connected mode, when components using nextjs `dynamic` are included in placeholder.([#2081](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/2081))
```

Author: Updated it slightly and I think we should not mention any specific causes of hydration since it can be due to anything.

Reviewer: You must mention error boundary specifically, however, because that's our feature and developers need to fully understand the tradeoff
